multi tenant sample (#428)
SAP-samples/cloud-sdk-js: samples/cf-multi-tenant-application/README.md

# SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript Multi-Tenant Sample Application

> This code samples in this directory are a reference for the [multi-tenant application](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/tutorials/multi-tenant-application) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code sample in this directory is a reference for the [multi-tenant application](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/tutorials/multi-tenant-application) tutorial.
```

> You need to make adjustments to the code before deployment described in the tutorial.

Reviewer: The line is a bit confusing. Are the code adjustments described in the tutorial? Or you mean 'You need to make adjustments to the code in the tutorial before deployment.'

```suggestion
You need to make adjustments to the code before deployment.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a hint about which placeholders need to be replaced? Like we do in the cf-sample-app?

> Also note that the samples here are intended as a didactic example and are not necessary a best practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, note that the samples here are intended as a didactic example and are not necessarily a best practice.
```

> 

Reviewer: [req] Would be nice to keep the Readme structure a bit consistent across samples. For example, ## Description section and also a ## Download and Installation for sparse checkout.

Author: done

> - In the [multi-tenant-app](./multi-tenant-app) directory you find the code of the multi-tenant application.

Reviewer: Rather than starting with `In the`, describe each item as `folder-name - Contains....`
```suggestion
- [./multi-tenant-app](./multi-tenant-app) - Contains the code of the multi-tenant application.
```

  It contains a simple service endpoint and logic to executed on subscription and unsubscription.

> - The [approuter](./approuter) folder contains the approuter necessary to attach JSON web tokens to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [./approuter](./approuter) - Contains the approuter necessary to attach JSON web tokens to the application.
```

> - In the [service-binding](./service-config) directory configurations for service instances are located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [./service-config](./service-config) - Directory configurations for service instances.
```

# SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript Multi-Tenant Sample Application

## Description

The code sample in this directory is a reference for the [multi-tenant application tutorial](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/tutorials/multi-tenant-application).
You need to make adjustments to the code before deployment.
The terms you need to replace are given in all caps and start with _`YOUR_`_ e.g. _`YOUR*REGION`*.

Also, note that the samples here are intended as a didactic example and are not necessarily a best practice.
The repositories' structure is as following:

- [./multi-tenant-app](./multi-tenant-app) - Contains the code of the multi-tenant application.

>   It contains a simple service endpoint and logic to executed on subscription and unsubscription.

Reviewer 2: [q] to be executed?

- [./approuter](./approuter) - Contains the approuter necessary to attach JSON web tokens to the application.
- [./service-config](./service-config) - Directory configurations for service instances.

## Requirements

The minimal requirements are:

> - A terminal to execute commands

Reviewer 2: Do you mean CF CLI?

Author: yes but also the other commands like `npm i` or so will be needed most likely. I add the CF CLI as requirement.

- A recent version of node and npm installed e.g. node 14 and npm 6
- An IDE or a text editor of your choice
- Access to a [SAP Business Technology Platform](https://www.sap.com/products/business-technology-platform.html) account
- Entitlement to use resources like service instance creation and application processing units
- Permission to deploy applications and create service instances

> ## Download and Installation

Reviewer 2: [q] Download and Deployment?

# SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript Multi-Tenant Sample Application

## Description

The code sample in this directory is a reference for the [multi-tenant application tutorial](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/tutorials/multi-tenant-application).
You need to make adjustments to the code before deployment.

> The terms you need to replace are given in all caps and start with _`YOUR_`_ e.g. _`YOUR*REGION`*.

Reviewer: [q] _`YOUR_`_ e.g. _`YOUR*REGION`*. This looks a bit strange to me. 
Did you mean:  e.g. _`YOUR_*REGION*`_ ?

Also, note that the samples here are intended as a didactic example and are not necessarily a best practice.

> The repositories' structure is as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repositories' structure is as follows:
```

  It contains a simple service endpoint and logic to be executed on subscription and unsubscription.
- [./approuter](./approuter) - Contains the approuter necessary to attach JSON web tokens to the application.
- [./service-config](./service-config) - Directory configurations for service instances.

## Requirements

The minimal requirements are:

- A terminal to execute commands
- A recent version of node and npm installed e.g. node 14 and npm 6
- A recent installation of the [Cloud Foundry command line interface](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/cp-cf-download-cli.html)
- An IDE or a text editor of your choice
- Access to a [SAP Business Technology Platform](https://www.sap.com/products/business-technology-platform.html) account
- Entitlement to use resources like service instance creation and application processing units
- Permission to deploy applications and create service instances

## Download and Deployment

To download the application run:

```
git clone \
  --depth 1  \
  --filter=blob:none  \
  --sparse \
  https://github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-sdk-js.git \
;
cd cloud-sdk-js

> git sparse-checkout set samples/cf-.ulti-tenant-application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git sparse-checkout set samples/cf-multi-tenant-application
```

```

### Create Services on SAP BTP Cloud Foundry

> Before you can deploy the application, you have to create a `destination`and `xsuaa` service instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can deploy the application, you have to create a `destination` and `xsuaa` service instance.
```
